Add git diff timeout in app config (#6348)
gogs/gogs: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- An unlisted option is added when create or migrate a repository. Unlisted repositories are public but not being listed for users without direct access in the UI. [#5733](https://github.com/gogs/gogs/issues/5733)

> - Configuration option `DIFF` added to `[git.timeout]` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new configuration option `[git.timeout] DIFF` for customizing operation timeout of `git diff`. [#6315](https://github.com/gogs/gogs/issues/6315)
```
